README.md, before:

## Photoshop-DOM-Event

[![npm-image](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v0.0.0-ff69b4.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/photoshop-dom-event)
![version-image](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-ff69b4.svg)

#### Install
--------
```
npm install photoshop-dom-event --save
```

#### Description
-----------
Node.js module for listening to Adobe Photoshop DOM events from a CEP HTML/JavaScript Extension (Custom Panel).

For registering a Photoshop event callback is necessary to specify the charID or stringID that is expected to listen.

To mantain Photoshop stability, event listeners can be started or stopped during extension execusion by using the corresponding methods described below.


#### Example
--------
```
var photoshopDOM = require('photoshop-dom-event');

photoshopDOM.startListeningEvent('placedLayerEditContents');

photoshopDOM.onEvent('placedLayerEditContents', function(eventData) {
  console.log('Editing Photoshop Smart Layer', eventData);
});

photoshopDOM.stopListeningEvent('placedLayerEditContents');
```


#### Changelog
--------

**0.0.0 (Jul 23 2016)**
*    Initial development.

--------
## License
MIT © [Antonio Gomez][0]

[0]: http://antoniogomez.me/

Commit message:

📃 adding gitignore file to exclude node_modules folder 📦 update to package.json file to include q as part of module dependencies ⚙ update main module for event listening 📄 update to readme file to include reference to adobe photoshop scripting guide and the adobe photoshop script listener plugin 📄 update readme file at the example section to describe the correct api of the module

README.md, after:

## Photoshop-DOM-Event

[![npm-image](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-v0.0.0-ff69b4.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/photoshop-dom-event)
![version-image](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-ff69b4.svg)

#### Install
--------
```
npm install photoshop-dom-event --save
```


#### Requirements
--------
[CSInterface][0] v5.x or higher


#### Description
-----------
Node.js module for listening to Adobe Photoshop DOM events from a CEP HTML/JavaScript Extension (Custom Panel).

For registering a Photoshop event callback is necessary to specify the charID or stringID that is expected to listen.

Various charIDs that can be used are documented in [Photoshop Javascript reference][1], Appendix A: Event ID Codes or by usign Adobe Photoshop [Scripting Listener Plug-in][2] to identify the corresponding eventID. 

To mantain Photoshop stability, event listeners can be started or stopped during extension execusion by using the corresponding methods described below.

#### Example
--------
```
var csInterface  = new CSInterface();
var photoshopDOM = require('photoshop-dom-event');

// Start listening for an event passing the corresponding stringID
photoshopDOM.onEvent('placedLayerEditContents', function(eventData) {
  console.log('Editing Photoshop Smart Layer', eventData);
});

// Later in your code
photoshopDOM.stopListeningEvent('placedLayerEditContents');
```


#### Changelog
--------

**0.0.0 (Jul 23 2016)**
*    Initial development.

--------
## License
MIT © [Antonio Gomez][2]

[0]: https://github.com/Adobe-CEP/CEP-Resources
[1]: http://wwwimages.adobe.com/content/dam/Adobe/en/devnet/photoshop/pdfs/photoshop-cc-javascript-ref-2015.pdf
[2]: http://www.adobe.com/devnet/photoshop/scripting.html
[3]: http://antoniogomez.me/
